Nigel (Mann, 1983) is a fourth system that makes use of functional information and is based on systemic grammar (Hudson, 1974). A systemic grammar contains choice points that query the environment to decide between alternatives (the environment may include functional, discourse, semantic, or contextual information). Mann's emphasis, so far, has been on the development of the system, on the development of a large linguistically justified grammar, and on the influence of underlying semantics on choices. The influence of functional information on syntactic choice as well as the generation of complex propositions are issues he has not yet addressed within the systemic grammar framework.
Correct Incorrect Accuracy
Overall Polysemous
Abstract English
While the length of a phrase is fairly equal between VM and CH, the number of phrases (and, thus, words) per sentence is higher for VM. Neither casual nor formal addressing are present in the TABA corpus (talking to a machine) while the VM setting (negotiation of business appointments) evokes formal speech. The CH dialogues are mostly between family members and close friends (Linguistic Data Consortium, 1997), and casual addressings are frequent. Variations in the number of common words can be related to the list of common words used, which was based on the VM corpus. The larger number of different words per speaker in the TABA corpus results from less words per speaker with less chance for repetition. Average word length and density are similar in all three corpora.
Similarly, the CONTRAST relation that holds between the two spans \[1,2\] and \[3,4\] in text (4) can be explained in terms of a CONTRAST relation that holds between units 1 and 3, the most important units in spans \[1,2\] and \[3,4\], respectively.
In the first, the phrase "in bytes" modifies "specify", and "of the word" modifies "the length". In the second, "on Sunday" modifies "saw" and "with a wooden leg" modifies "a man". Stucky \[1987\] argues that such examples are acceptable and quite frequent.
The other class, which constituted just over half of our sample, forms part of a larger intonational phrase and is either deaccented or uttered with a L* accent. Both classes share the property of appearing in initial intonational phrase position.
Switchboard test.
Figure 3. The boys who study get good grades B. Junction Grammar Representations of the Same Sentences We now discuss how Junction Grammar represents the above distinctions in its representations. If the reader is not as yet familiar with Junction Grammar, it might be advisable to consult Appendix A before reading this section. As indicated therein, some recent refinements of Junction Grammar are not yet available in published form. We therefore briefly discuss two of them here. One is the specializations of subjunction in J-trees, and the other is the explicit representation of modalizers.
VALUE IN
An SBA is successful iff a syntactic subtree can be attached to the OSS as described above.
L3: the; DET, -, (↑SPEC) = DEF
Anaphora resolution 76% 88% 81%
Figure 4 A schema method overview new schemata are described (4.4) (4.5). Finally error-correction is illustrated (4.6).
We really have two problems: inferring from early experiences a set of structural primitives at an appropriate descriptive level and learning the semantics to associate with these structural primitives. In this paper we shall only address the first problem. Even though we will not address the semantics attachment task, we will describe a method that yields the minimal structural units with which we will want to associate semantics. We feel that since the inferred structural primitives will be appropriate for describing a par-titular environment, they will have appropriate semantics and that unlike pro-defined primitives, these learned primitives are guaranteed to be at the appropriate level for a given descriptive task. Identifying the structural primitives is the first step (probably a parallel step) in identifying semantic primitives, which are composed of structural units and associated procedures that give the structures meaning.
Stage 3: create a sentence boundary when the combined clause reaches pre-determined thresholds.
The official language and medium of instruction is English. However, the medium of daily communication ranges from a type of Creole-English to a modifed variety of Internationally Acceptable English (IAE). The term 'post-creole dialect continuum" has been used by several researchers, notably Le Page (1957), De Camp (1971) and Bickerton (1973) to refer to apparently analagous situations in Jamaica and Guyana. In addition to Creole, English and variants of both, a large part of the population is exposed to a local variety of Hindi (Bhojpuri). Smaller numbers are exposed to Lesser Antillean French Creole and fewer still to Spanish.
Redmond WA 98052 USA
Se io vedi, saluta Giovanni
This bibliography was machine processed after all input was subjected to human analysis.
Manual feedback: an English sentence based on reading 5-10 relevant documents only (by someone who doesn't know the topic statement).
New York, NY 10012
TEXTRACT is a robust document analysis framework, whose design has been motivated by the requirements of an operational system capable of efficient processing of thousands of documents/gigabytes of data. It has been engineered for flexible configuration in implementing a broad range of document analysis and linguistic processing tasks. The common architecture features it shares with TAF include: * interchangeable document parsers allow the 'ingestion' of source documents in more than one format (specifically, XML, HTML, ASCII, as well as a range of proprietary ones); * a document model provides an abstraction layer between the character-based document stream and annotation-based document components, both structurally derived (such as paragraphs and sections) and linguistically discovered (such as named entities, terms, or phrases); ? linguistic analysis functionalities are provided via tightly coupled individual plugin components; these share the annotation repository, lexical cache, and vocabulary and communicate with each other by posting results to, and reading prior analyses from, them; * plugins share a common interface, and are dispatched by a plugin manager according to declared dependencies among plugins; a resource manager controls shared resources such as lexicons, glossaries, or gazetteers; and at a higher level of abstraction, an engine maintains the document processing cycle; * the system and individual plugins are softly configurable, completely from the outside; * the architecture allows for processing of a stream of documents; furthermore, by means of collection-level plugins and applications, cross-document analysis and statistics can be derived for entire document collections.
This work was supported in part by Ministry of Science & Technology of Korean government and Korea Science & Engineering Foundation.
Example 1 Revisited um it'll be there it'll get to Dansville at three a.m.
Serbian, Swedish, Turkish, Tibetan
We discuss an application of this method to a word predictor, that is, the method for transforming task-specific linguistic constraint defined in a CFG or a DCG into a Prolog program which acts as a left-to-right word predictor.
A major edit is made at this point in the system by the linguist, who surveys the sets of proto-projections, and, from his background knowledge decides on the correct reconstruction and adds the vowels.
TD: 255 32.2 225 27.9 358 47.2
We have currently collected data from three subjects. All the participants had prior experience with spreadsheets, having used them in their own work. Other than witnessing demonstrations, one had used a speech recognition system before. Three input modes were defined: keyboard only, voice with (keyboard) editing, and voice only. In the first condition, users keyed in all information, using the spreadsheet as they might under conventional circumstances. In the voice with editing condition, they spoke the commands and had an opportunity to edit each preparser string before it was acted upon.
1.2. Translating with isomorphic M-grammars The translation relation between two (or more) languages is defined by attuning their grammars as follows: (i) For each basic expression of a grammar there is at least one corresponding basic expression of the other grammar with the same meaning.
The system includes a knowledge editor, with which a technical author can define the procedures for using common software applications such as word processors and diary managers; in this way the author builds the domain model from which a text generator produces instructions, in English and French, that describe these procedures. The eventual aim of such systems is to support he technical authors who produce tutorial guides and user manuals for software applications, by automatically generating routine procedural passages in many languages.
More specifically, less than 30% of the English words in the context of LecDOCE examples translate into one of the relevant DTs in the same dictionary.
While developing the automata which include interaction, we took great care not to ask too much of the user. So far we have used less than ten different question patterns and the vocabulary has been restricted to terminology familiar to potential users. In addition we only ask one question per interaction.
[10] TEI, "Text Encoding Initiative (TEI)," (http://www.uic.edu:80/orgs/tei/) [11] Watanabe, H., "A Method for Accelerating CFG-Parsing by Using Dependency Information," Proc. of 18th COLING, 2000.
VSO-50 223.4 21.8 9.8 3.5 Discussion
Symantec clearly recognizes the importance of translating Q&A into multiple languages.
System Development Corporation
1 Introduction and Background
The improvements obtained using INQUERY are often small, but the overall effectiveness is consistently better than other approaches.
Figure 13
Levelt, W. (1989). Speaking. From Intention to
Table shows some examples of LCTs. All these templates can be easily acquired from the Chinese treebanks or Chinese corpus annotated with constituent boundary tags.
Temporary forwarding links are links that are only valid during one unification. The currency of the temporary links is determined by matching the content of the mark field for the links with the global counter and if they match then the content of this field is respected 8. As in \[Pereira, 1985\], we have three types of nodes: 1) :atomic, 2) :bottom 9, and 3) :complex. :atomic type nodes represent atomic symbol values (such as Noun), :bottom type nodes are variables and :complex type nodes are nodes that have arcs coming out of them.
OBJ(head, dependent) Object
I +-domain: Film
A second difficulty in the example-based approach is the algorithm itself, namely, the best-match algorithm, which was used in earlier systems built around a thesaurus that consisted of a hierarchy of is-a or synonym relationships between words (word-senses).
? "A Problem Solver with Formal Descriptive Kuck, D. J, and Krulee, G. K., Inputs". Computers and Information Science. Baltimore: Spartan, 1964, pp. 344-374.
static concepts: above, below, left, right, in, out, on, and off; and their dynamic equivalents: above, below, left, right, around, in, on, out of, through, and over.
The grammar associates with the state of the configuration a list of arcs which may be tested (using the arc type, the context free test on the arc, and the current input) to determine whether a transition can be made to extend the path. We will consider each type of arc in turn, since the effects of taking various types of arca are different, and explain for each case what happens if the arc is taken. Whether just one transition, or several, or all possible transitions are made from an active
This is one aspect of the NLTooLSET that makes it highly portable from one domain to another.
4.2 The Number of Computing Agents (Objects) As is obvious from the construction of the network, the number of computing agents is exactly the same as that of the nodes of the network. Since the node set of the network has one-to-one correspondence to the set of symbol occurrences in a given set of grammar rules, the number of computing agents can be very large if the grammar is complex.
In Korean, the syntactic relation of nominal words toward a verb is mainly determined by case particles. During the extraction of SRPs (Ni, SRj, Vk), we only consider the syntactic relation SRjs determined by 5 types of case particles: nominative (-i/ka/kkeyse), accusative (-ul/lul), and three adverbial (-ey/eynun, se/eyse/eysenun, -to/ulo/ulonun).
Following the same reasoning as above, we will obtain, n(+a + 1) ≤ n(a), and (3) n(-a + 1) ≤  n(a) (4) A string 'a' is a rigid expression if it satisfies the following conditions, n(+a + 1) << n(a), and (5) n(-a + 1) << n(a). (6) 3.2 Data preparation Following are the steps for creating n-gram text data according to the fundamental features of Thai text corpora. The results are shown in Table 1 and Table 2. In each table, "n" is the number of occurrences and "d" is the difference in occurrence with the next string.
3.1.3 Reverse Order Error. If a in canary is dropped, we get: cnary. The 3win converts cnary to canary with two transformations: 1) reverse order 'na': canry and 2) insert an 'a': canary.
What is the shortest day of the year
Pick up the lemon.
The reason for some models being more related to others is generally easy to see. For example, LL-CONFIG and LL-CONGLOM are highly related to LL-PROD, of which they are both components. In both of these cases, using AL for use by LL-PROD beats random sampling by a large amount.
An important consideration here is which of the words in the description to use in the search for candidate topics. In an early version of the system, we tried using each noun and modifier in turn. Although this approach was successful in many cases, it often resulted in an extremely lengthy list of alternatives. We also noted that words at the highest dependency level more often led to identification of the topic node than those words occurring at subordinate levels. For this reason, it was decided to curtail the word search, using only the words in the "root phrase" of the description. For the non-active description PAPER ON CLUSTERING IN THE SMART SYSTEM, the words PAPER and CLUSTERING would be used in the search for candidate nodes. As a user option, the system will expand the search to include the remaining words in the description.
Step 1: Extracting similar example for query For a speech recognition result, the system extracts the most similar example from the DEDB. The robustness of the similarity calculation between the input utterance and the utterance in the DEDB should be considered against the speech recognition error. Therefore, a keyword matching method using the word class information is adopted. For a speech recognition result combined with a morphological analysis result, independent words and the Input: Etto, spaghetti no omise ni ikitai na.
Interpretation processes have long been studied by logicians. They consist in putting the abstract forms which we hold into correspondence with a portion of some universe. Evaluation processes consist in reaching decisions as to the response which is appropriate in a particular case. An important point to keep in mind is that such processes are not limited to speech activity. They are ever present in our conscious life. We can look upon speech as a particularly effective way of nudging someone's cognitive activity in a certain direction. That this particularly effective tool need not always be successful is apparent in all cases where the hearer fails to understand, misunderstands, etc.
I- INTRODUCTION
Linguistics, 15(2):75-96.
JHU. 2003. Syntax for statistical machine translation, Final report, JHU summer workshop.
Figure 2. Initial tree selected in region r1 sible for spawning the creation of subregions in which the arguments (and modifiers) are realized.
The following is an example of a fairly specific, but productive, knowledge-rich morphological suffix rule: ((fish) (kill 4) (test (plausible-root root)) (cat nmsp (is-root-of-cat root '(adj n)) eval (progu (mark-dict lex (mark-dict (mark-dict (mark-dict '-es))) 'false-root root t t) lex 'kindof 'fish t t) lex 'has-prefix root t t) lex 'root 'fish t t) This rule matches a word that ends in fish and removes four letters from the end (the fish part) to produce a root word which it then tests to see if it is a plausible root (e.g., does it at least have a vowel in it?). If it gets this fax, the rule will construct a category nmsp interpretation (a kind of noun), if the condition (is-root-of-cat root '(adj n)) is true (i.e., if the root is a known adjective or noun).
5.3 Conclusions
3. Disambiguated Subcorpora
In \[Simmons, 1993\], it is shown that if any self-dependent sequence R is active on the labelling of a system of product constraints, then a certain subsequence R' of R will be active infinitely many times. Moreover, on the m-th execution of each refinement Ri in R', there is a term Ti^m, where each Ti^m > Ti^m-1 > 1, such that OUT(Ri) is multiplied by: (Ti^m)^-1, if OUT(Ri) is an upper bound Ti^m, if OUT(Ri) is a lower bound It follows that upper bounds are refined so as to become arbitrarily small (asymptotically approaching zero), and that lower bounds become arbitrarily large, up to infinity.
However, for the kinds of problems we are concerned with, we can also distinguish subsolutions. Knowing which subsolution has provided the resulting certainty factor is an important part of the answer. Thus, for the goal (WITH (EAT) (FORK)), we want to know, if possible, not only if fork is a credible with complement of eat, but also what kind of semantic relation is expressed by this complement (in that case, INSTRUMENT). As another example, when checking if a word satisfies a semantic preference, we might be interested in knowing for which sense of the word the preference is best satisfied.
3 Although I will concentrate on dialog, much of what I have to say carries over to other forms of discourse.
A label will consist of a set of variables. Each variable must be defined with its set of possible values. Thus if one defines the variable "category" the set of "categories" that can be used must be specified. The set is written category = (NOUN, ARTICLE, PRONOUN, ADJECTIVE, VERB, ...) (A constraint requires that the name of a variable must not be longer than 7 characters. Thus the preceding variable could be written, for example, CAT = (NN, ART, Pm, ADJ, VRB, ...)) The definition of a particular label consists in an enumeration of the variables relevant to the label. A set of labels can be predefined and is collected in a so-called format file.
and Future Prospects
XIIth International Congress of Linguists working groups:
Clearly, for every i = 1, 2, ..., n F(A; wi) = F(A; wi) whenever A # S and F(S; wi) < F(S; wi). Hence qs = 0, completing the proof of the theorem. \[\] Now let pn be the system of probabilities produced by the nth iteration of the EM
McFetridge, Paul and Aline Villavicencio.
Figure 2 shows the user testing a regular expression loaded on to the stack of the xfst. The left window under the Networks tab, shows the networks pushed on to the xfst stack. The bottom right window under Test tab lists a series of input, one of which can be selected as the input string and then applied up or down to the topmost network on the stack. 4 The result of application appears on the bottom pane on the right. In this case, we see the input with the brackets inserted around the longest matching date pattern, Sunday, January 23, 2004 in this case.
In the course of transformational parsing, most of the spurious surface structures are rejected very quickly by special blocking rules which employ transformational pattern matching to filter out ill-formed configurations not detectable by a context-free phrase structure mechanism. In the experiments we have carried out to date, it has almost uniformly been our experience that precisely one underlying structure is assigned to each sentence except in cases where a) there is genuine semantic ambiguity or b) a sentence outside the current coverage of the transformational grammar has been entered into the system. At least some of this initial success in disambiguation is due to a policy of making certain transformations sensitive to semantic as well as syntactic information.
The experience of the ARPA speech project, which resulted in the design of a number of speech recognition systems, has demonstrated that the task of controlling the interactions between the knowledge bases which make up the system is at least as problematic as that of defining the knowledge bases. Major inadequacies in the systems developed during the ARPA project can be attributed to an early commitment in one or more areas of design which were not apparent until final testing and evaluation of the complete system began. An architecture is required, therefore, which will permit the development in parallel and relatively independently of component knowledge bases and methods of deploying them computationally. It should also permit the evaluation and testing of solutions with partially specified or simulated components. This will ensure that the design of one component will not influence unduly the design of any other component, possibly to the detriment of both. In addition, we should have the ability to determine the consequences of component design decisions by testing their contributions to the overall goals of speech recognition.
7.2 Pitch
4. Identification of IFTs
% UC
ORE_COUNTRY string (IN_AND_OUT)
4. a list of vowels headed by some other vowel than a or u harmonizes with itself.
\[Mann and Thompson, 1987\] William C. Mann and Sandra A. Thompson. Rhetorical structure theory: A theory of text organization. In L.Pohmyi, editor, The Structure of Discourse. Ablex, Norwood, N.J., 1987. Also as USC/Information Sciences Institute Research Report IIS-87-190.
3) Synthesize the \[dir-object\] if it has not been synthesized as a reflexive pronoun in Step 1. In Step 3, the form of the conjugated verb provided by Step 2 is used to determine if the \[dir-object\] has to be synthesized as a personal pronoun.
Aano: \[Proper(W)\]
Unsupervised Models for Named Entity Classification
Empirical studies of discourse representations for natural language interfaces
Kansas City, MO, 64110
Thus, the positive and negative examples are created for each class (POS tag), and a model of SVMs is trained for each class using the training examples.
Possessed Nominals
A d-tree d is complete if it does not contain any substitution nodes, i.e., all the frontier nodes of the description d are labeled by terminals. Given a d-tree d, we say that a pair of nodes, x and y (variables in vars(d)), are related by an i-edge if d => x Δ y.
SA1.X: Come here, please.
H. Hirseh, P. Meyer, and H.W. Ruehl, "Improved Speech Recognition using High-Pass Filtering of Subband Envelopes," Eurospeech, Sept. 1991, pp. 413-416.
The negotiation between agents aims to eliminate underlying conflicts and uncertainty among them. The process of multi-agent negotiation is carried out as follows.
Overall Error Rate
T(t . fA) = Aria)
M(n)(S,A)IP(A) = pn,(s) = O.
TA the number of terms in AGROVOC in which the relational adjective appears in an epithetic position, i.e. the terms of Noun RAdj structure. For example TA=15 for the adjective cellulaire (cellular) because it appears in 15 terms of AGROVOC such as différenciation cellulaire (cellular differenciation), division cellulaire (cellular division).
[8] Theeramunkong, T., Sornlertlamvanich, V., Tanhermhong, T., Chinnan, W., Character-Cluster Based Thai Information Retrieval, Proceedings of the Fifth International Workshop on Information Retrieval with Asian Languages, September 30 - October 20, 2000, Hong Kong, pp.75-80.
Nouns duluth7 duluth8 0.57 0.11 0.32 0.76 umcp duluth9 0.50 0.17 0.33 0.65 duluth7 duluthY 0.49 0.21 0.30 0.57 umcp duluthY 0.48 0.21 0.31 0.56 duluth8 duluthY 0.50 0.21 0.29 0.56 umcp duluth8 0.50 0.23 0.27 0.51 umcp duluth7 0.50 0.23 0.27 0.51 cs224 umcp 0.51 0.24 0.25 0.49 duluth9 duluthY 0.44 0.26 0.30 0.47 duluth8 duluth9 0.47 0.27 0.27 0.45 cs224 duluth9 0.47 0.27 0.26 0.44 cs224 jhu 0.55 0.25 0.20 0.43 cs224 duluth8 0.51 0.27 0.22 0.42 jhu umcp 0.51 0.29 0.21 0.38 jhu duluth8 0.53 0.28 0.19 0.37
lS This comparison could be extended to other corpus frequency based technics (mutual information, etc.).
Can we dispense with the idea of innate ideas? In order to show that we can account for mentalese without requiring innate ideas, I must show (I) that the mechanisms proposed are capable of generating all the primitive concepts of mentalese, and (2) that I have not simply buried innate ideas somewhere in the mechanisms. Let me say immediately, relative to point (2) that there are some innate ideas in my account; one set of ideas are related to the values (good/bad, symmetrical/nonsyrmnetrical, etc.) discussed earlier. There must also be ideas relating to generating hypotheses on which the values can operate, and the idea of objectness (if this can be called an idea) must be present. Hypothesis generation might seem a candidate for further search for embedded ideas; however, as I have described it, hypothesis generation is primarily a categorizing operation, where it acts on the "raw material" of perception. On the whole I do not believe that it is difficult to accept the sorts of innate ideas which remain in my account.
Significance = N.S.
15 That is: (K, ?) is a monoid (i.e., ? : K x K -> K is associative) with identity 1. (K, ?) is a commutative monoid with identity 0. ? distributes over ? from both sides, 0 ? k = k ? 0 = 0, and k* = 1 ? k ? k* = 1 ? k* ? k. For finite-state composition, commutativity of ? is needed as well.
We study Spectral's performance in comparison with the algorithms discussed in the previous sections.
Unknown Words
Surf: \[11 \[Pref: V: \[2\]\]
A new sentence such as She saw the dress with the telescope can be parsed by combining subtrees from this corpus by means of leftmost-substitution (indicated as ?):
SHORI(processing) WO ...
These terms are used almost interchangeably in our corpus, but they don't fare as well in Roget's because of anthropocentric attachments to concept such as fame, duty and legal liability.
Concept to Speech System
DEC 1968
Finally, (6i) demonstrates that reflexive datives can sometimes be formed from intransitive verbs. The semantic restrictions on the source for such constructions are not entirely clear to us, however, all the putative similar examples to the attested (6i) seem innovative and much less conventionalized than the core dative examples. It would be straightforward to introduce a lexical rule mapping intransitive verbs to the dative construction. However, the relative productivity of this putative rule should be represented as being much lower than the two rules discussed above. Nothing in the representation we have presented so far equips us to deal with the issue of (semi)productivity which also arises with the two rules introduced earlier; consider the famous example of donate, which does not undergo the dative alternation although it is uncontroversially an oblique transfer verb. In the next section we consider this issue in detail.
By word experts (consider the word expert prototype provided below) we refer to a declarative organization of linguistic knowledge in terms of a decision net whose root is assigned the name of a lexical class or a specific word, Appropriate occurrences of lexical items in the text prompt the execution of corresponding word experts. Nonterminal nodes of a word expert's decision net are constructed of boolean expressions of query predicates or messages while its terminal nodes are composed of readings. With respect to nonterminal nodes word experts - query the frame knowledge base, e.g, testing for semantic relations (e.g. isa, instance-of) to hold, for the existence and activation weight of concepts in the knowledge base, or for integrity criteria that restrict the assignment of slot entries - investigate the current state of text analysis, e.g. the types of operations already performed in the knowledge base (activation, slot entry assignment, creation of new concepts~ etc.) - consider the immediate textual environment, e.g.
? Reintroducing old goals. As long as the current transaction is not closed the system tries to realize postponed goals if a dialogue opportunity (e.g.
Common denominators and default unification. Proceedings of the First Meeting, Computational Linguistics in the Netherlands (CLIN-91), pages 1-16, Utrecht.
For example, because "diabetes mellitus" is nested in "insulin dependent diabetes mellitus" and two terms are all disease names, "diabetes mellitus" is head term and "insulin dependent" is modifier. The specificity of Y is measured as equation (9).
1 Introduction
Simple Backward Application (<):
An Incremental Parser-Interpreter
Average 0.1429 0.1837 0.2672 0.2859 %change +28.5 +87.0 +100.0 At 10 docs 0.3000 0.3840 0.5060 0.5200 %change +28.0 +68.6 +73.3 At 30 docs 0.2387 0.2747 0.3887 0.3940 %change +15.0 +62.8 +65.0 At 100 doc 0.1600 0.1736 0.2480 0.2574 %change +8.5 +55.0 +60.8
Restrictive postmodification (RPostm): yes if the definite description is modified by relative or associative clauses.
Rank Xerox Research Centre
7. Future Work
This measure has proven to be an appropriate and a vast improvement over previous subjective techniques. We have also presented the first widespread comparison of different grammatical inference techniques. This involved the implementation of the existing Alergia, k-contextual, (k, h)-contextual and sk-strings methods, as well as the creation of new algorithms. The new methods include the Greedy strategy, the ACO meta-heuristic, Stochastic Hill Climbing and our proposed, hybrid sk-ANT heuristic. Comprehensive experimental data revealed that our proposed method was the most effective and most stable of the methods, followed by the sk-strings heuristic. From this work we may conclude that the problem of structural inference is both important and tractable. For current applications we recommend use of the sk-ANT technique. The use of MML as a quality measure is also recommended, due to its generality and objectivity.
Haas N., Hendrix G.G.: Learning by Being Told: Acquiring Knowledge for Information Management, in R.S. Michalski et al (eds.), Machine Learning: An Artificial Intelligence Approach, Tioga, Calif.; 1982 Knopik T.: MORPHY - Die morphologische Komponente zu einem Generierungssystem für das Deutsche, Diplom-arbeit, Inst. f. Informatik, Univ. Stuttgart; 984.
Scoring Metrics
AN EXPERIMENTAL APPLICATIVE PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE
EL PERRO RIEGA LAS FLORES
Macleod, Catherine, Ralph Grishman,
APPENDIX: SAMPLE SEGMENTATION RULES
In this article we will investigate the effectiveness of CLIR systems based on probabilistic translation models trained on parallel texts mined from the Web. Globally, our approach to the CLIR problem can be viewed informally as "cross-lingual sense matching." Both query and documents are modeled as a distribution over semantic concepts, which in reality is approximated by a distribution over words. The challenge for CLIR is to measure to what extent these concepts (or word senses) are related. From this point of view, our approach is similar in principle to that using latent semantic analysis (LSI) (Dumais et al 1997), which also tries to create semantic similarity between documents, queries, and terms by transposing them into a new vector space. An alternative way of integrating translation and IR is to create "structured queries," in which translations are modeled as synonyms (Pirkola 1998). Since this approach is simple and effective, we will use it as one of the reference systems in our experiments.
Arabic IR is enhanced when the roots are used in indexing and searching [3] [4] [5].
1) S --. NP VP <NP feature1 > = <VP feature1> 2) NP ~ det N <N feature1> = + <NP> = <N> 3) VP --* V <V feature1> = - <VP> ~ <V> 5 Conclusion I have shown how a terminological language, such as Classic, can be used to manage lexical semantics data during analysis with two minor extensions. First, a test to identify LEGAL-LINKINGs is necessary since this cannot be directly expressed in the language and second, set membership tests, have-instances-of and have-no-instances-of are necessary since this type of expressiveness is not provided in Classic. While the solution of several knowledge acquisition issues would result in a friendlier tool for a linguistics researcher, the tool still performs a useful function.
AvgAnalj - The average contribution of a single word in SWj to SumAnalj.
1986. Attention, intention, and the structure of discourse. Computational
Px %sub %del %ins %error 60 5.9 2.5 0.4 8.8 60 6.4 2.5 0.3 9.2 1000 I 21.0 5.2 1.5 27.7 10001 23.4 6.1 1.8 31.3 Table 3: DECIPHER'S Performance using DARPA's 1989 Speaker-Independent Test Set works, cross-word boundary contexts were a natural extension to the SRI DECIPHER system.
Michael McCord. 1989. Slot grammar: a system for simple construction of practical natural language grammars. Natural Language and Logic, pages 118-145.
In some sense, regions and descriptors cover the focus space in an orthogonal way: while the former cover a connected area on a picture, the latter typically appear there as a set of islands. As opposed to that, a descriptor covers a connected area in the abstract descriptor-referent space, while a region typically appears there as a set of islands. In some occasions, locality descriptors may do a similar job as regions, but this would probably be less effective in many cases, when multiple locality descriptors are required. As a consequence, the selection of an adequate region differs in some crucial sense from the selection of an adequate descriptor: a candidate descriptor is chosen from a set of distinct alternatives, while determining a candidate region is more a matter of accuracy and precision in terms of appropriately fixing the borderlines of the region which lies around the intended referent or some other entity related to it. Altogether, a region typically comprises the equivalent of several descriptors as far as the contribution to the identification task is concerned: either a category of the object enclosed by the region, accompanied by a set of further descriptors, if necessary, or a suitable combination of locality descriptors.
University of Waterloo
One of the goals of studies in Distributional Semantics is the establishment of word classes on the basis of the observed behavior of words in written texts. A convenient and significant way of discussing "behavior" of words is in terms of syntactic relationship. At the outset, in fact, it is necessary that we treat a word in terms of its Syntactically Related Words (SRW). In a given text, each word bears a given syntactic relationship to a finite number of other words; e.g., a finite number of words (nouns and pronouns) appear as "subject" for each active verb; another group of nouns and pronouns are used as "direct object" of each transitive verb; other words of the class, "adverb," appear as modifiers of a given verb. In each instance we may speak of the related words as SRW of a given verb, so that in our example three different types of SRW emerge; a given SRW is then defined in terms both of word class and specific relationship to the verb. (A given noun may of course belong to two different types of SRW, e.g., as both subject and object of the same verb.) Distributionally, we may compare two verbs in terms of their SRN. The objective of the present study is to test the premise that "similar" words tend to have the same SRW. This premise is tested, not with verbs, as in the l,arper above example, but with nouns. Our procedure is (i) to find in a given text three types of SRW for a small group of nouns, (2) to find the number of SRW shared by each pair of nouns formed from the group, and (3) to express the "similarity" between individual nouns) and groups of nouns, as a function of their shared SRW. Another example: it might turn out that in a given text the nouns "a" and "b" ("avocado" and "cherry") share such adjective modifiers as "ripe," whereas nouns "c)' and "d" ("chair" and "furniture") have in common the adjective modifier "modern." These facts would lead us to conclude that "a" and "b" are simi-lar, that "c" and "d" are similar) that "a" and "c" are less similar, etc.
\[Marr, 1982\] David Marr. Vision. W. H. Freeman, 1982.
Temporal Operators Expressing Anteriority and Posteriority" (paper presented at the conference The Syntax and Semantics of Tense and Mood Selection, University of Bergamo, Italy, July 1998; to be published by Cambridge University Press).
Sylvain DUPUY, Arjan EGGES, Vincent LEGENDRE, and Pierre NUGUES
Remi Zajac, Mark Casper, and Nigel Sharples. 1997. An open distributed architecture for reuse and integration of heterogeneous NLP components. In Fifth Conference on Applied
\[2\] Berwick, R. C. and Weinberg, A. (1984) The Grammatical Basis of Linguistic Performance,
Following the constraints of Figure 3, the linearizer will place the occupants of the AGENT and ASPECT cases before the predicate in the output, but will also ensure that the ASPECT follows the AGENT and directly precedes the verb.
alent to the Xlib package written in C.
There is no doubt that restricting the lexicon to basic morphemes and deriving all complex words as well as all the inflected forms by morphological rules, reduces substantially the size of the lexicon. This was indeed a crucial issue not so long ago, when computer memory was scarce and expensive.
3.2 Information Mapping for CLIR
Wilks, Y., Huang, X.-M., and Fass, D. (1985).
C++, providing a rapid and easy code-compile-train-test development cycle. In fact, many NLP systems suffer from a lack of software and computer-science engineering effort: running efficiency is key to performing numerous experiments, which, in turn, is key to improving performance. A system may have excellent performance on a given task, but if it takes long to compile and/or run on test data, the rate of improvement of that system will be contrained compared to that which can run very efficiently.
Abstract
A restricted environment consists of the nodes one link outside of a TU normally. If corresponding nodes are same in two environments, those environments are extended one more link outside. Figure 2 illustrates restricted environments of a TU. We estimate xternal similarity as the best matching of two restricted environments. To find the best matching, we first determine the correspondences between odes in two restricted environments. Some nodes have several candidates of correspondence. For example, n7 corresponds with rn6 or m7. In this case, we select the most similar node. To do this, we assume that similarity values between odes (words) are defined as numeric values between 0 and 1 in a thesaurus. When the best matching is found, we can calculate the matching point between two environments, mpoint(TU, WD).
Mari Ostendorf J. Robin Rohlicek
L. Iordanskaja, R. Kittredge et A. Polguère. 1991.
The primary innovation of Bresnan's framework is that it eliminates a large class of transformations in favor of an enriched conception of the lexicon. The grammar that results is one that Bresnan claims is far more realistic from a processing point of view than other versions of transformational grammar. She points out striking similarities between her proposals and recent computational and psycholinguistic work by Kaplan and Wanner, and she argues that Augmented Transition Networks can provide at least a partial answer to the grammatical realization problem within her framework.
Embedding Web-Based Statistical
LabEL's simple and multiword electronic dictionaries were then applied to the acquisition corpus. These dictionaries contained 171,159 nominal entries, from which 82% were simple words and 18% compounds. From the 22,581 compounds, 61,7% are NA, 33,6% are NDN and the remaining 4,7% belong to other structures.
In order to produce the above configuration, the current system implements two user interfaces (UIs): the Client UI, which provides speech and text input capabilities to the primary end-users of the system; and the Editor UI, which provides translation editing capabilities to a human translation expert. In the rest of this section, we describe in detail certain unique aspects of each interface.
When different words express the same sense, we say they are synonymous. On the other hand, if you enter the matrix with a word and look down that column, you find all the different senses that that word can express. When one word can express two or more senses, we say that it is ambiguous, or polysemous. Thus, the two great complications of lexical knowledge, synonymy and polysemy, are seen as complementary aspects of a single abstract structure.
J1, e
A disadvantage in using MMR-based feature selection is that the computational cost of computing the pairwise information gain (i.e. IGpair) is quadratic time with respect to the number of features. To reduce this computational cost, we can use MMR-based feature selection method on the reduced feature set resulting from IG as our experiments in section 4. Another drawback of our method is the need to tune for λ. It appears that a tuning method based on held-out data is needed here
The limited left-context parser can be thought of as at a midway point between the pure bottom-up parser and the left-corner parser, constructing a subset of the phrases found by the bottom-up parser, and a superset of the phrases found by the left-corner parser. Using limited left-context to constrain categories containing syntactic gaps reduces the number of phrases by more than a factor of 5 and is almost 15 times faster than the pure bottom-up arser. The limited left-context parser builds 81% more edges than the left-corner parser, but many fewer predictions. Somewhat surprisingly, this results in the limited left-context parser being 4 times faster than the left-corner parser. We conjecture that this is due to the fact that context-independent phrases are licensed by a static table that is quicker to check against than dynamic predictions. This results in a lower average time per edge for the limited left-context parser (0.005 seconds) than the left-corner parser (0.036 seconds). Some additional penalty may also have been incurred by not using dotted grammar rules to generate reductions, as in standard left-corner parsing algorithms. 2 There are important differences between the technique for limited prediction in this parser, and other techniques for limited prediction such as Shieber's notion of restriction (Shieber, 1985) (which we also use). In methods such as Shieber's, predictions are weakened in ways that can result in an overall gain in efficiency, but predictions nevertheless must be dynamically generated for every phrase that is built bottom-up. In our log version 3.1.4.
This set was also used on a previous paper (Agirre & Martinez, 2000).
Utrecht, The Netherlands. The BYU-HRC is a center which promotes research in the College of Humanities at Brigham Young University (BYU), in particular providing support for research involving language and computers.
Ullman, Jeffrey D. 1982. Principles of Database
6 Acknowledgments
Calzolari, 1977.)
The first question can be rephrased as "given certain intensional objects in one viewpoint (the system, in this case), what are the corresponding intensional objects in the system's version of another viewpoint (Mary's)?" Extending the normal default rule for belief ascription to cope with intensional object ascription, we would say, naturally enough, that intensional objects in one environment directly correspond to intensional objects in another environment, unless there is counter evidence to believing this. This notion of correspondence of intensional objects between environments can be expressed as beliefs, but these beliefs must be of a type different from those we have previously discussed.
Root('S') / \
Omneya A. Rizk***
Situation 3. Input beliefs
W[i].decision <--
Table 1: Switchboard dialogue fragment
4. Slot Overgeneration: Subtracting the TEMPLATE-ID scores from the MATCHED/MISSING over-generation column results in slot overgeneration.
Zhan Weidong, Mr. Li Kangnian and Dr. Chang Baobao. The blithesome collaboration with Dr.
Error type Errors Detections and Diagnoses Corrections
The next two subsections motivate search over the morpheme boundary relations and the c-suffix set inclusion relations respectively.
Secondly, to annotate spoken data is to add linguistic explanations to the plain transcript to represent linguistic structures at selected levels.
Abstract
Carberry S., "User Models: the Problem of Disparity," Proceedings of the XIth International Conference on Computational Linguistics, pp. 29-34, Bonn (FR Germany), 1986.
The action of a path node is shown in Figure 5. "failure" means there is no PD whose semantic structure subsumes the given dag. Thus the entire retrieval process fails.
This has focused increased attention on the importance of obtaining reliable training corpora. Unfortunately, acquiring such data has usually been a labor-intensive and time-consuming exercise.
2.3 Conjunction
VERBALIZED PUNCTUATIONS VS
ing the graph. The paper introduces two
In the coding to the left of each structure, the first letter represents the grammatical role (subject or object) of the NP on which the relative clause is formed, while the second letter represents the grammatical role played by the relative pronoun. The third letter represents the fact that the relative clause is in the active voice.
Once the grammatical framework is defined, we are in position to make use of the information provided by the SCFG. In order to define the grammatical features, we first introduce some notation.
Extension to PTM
Dictionary definitions of nouns are normally written in such a way that one can identify a "genus term" for the headword (the word being defined) via an IS-A relation. The information following the genus term, the differentia, serves to differentiate the * This research was supported by the New Mexico State University Computing Research Laboratory through NSF Grant No. 1RI-8811108 -- Grateful acknowledgement is accorded to all the members of the CRL Natural Language Group for their comments and suggestions.
Yarowsky, D. 1994. Decision Lists for Lexical Ambiguity Resolution: Application to Accent Restoration in Spanish and French. Proceedings of the 32nd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, pp. 88--95.
REFERENCES i.
$ They lined.
E. Agirre and D. Martinez. 2000. Decision Lists and Automatic Word Sense Disambiguation. In Proceedings of the COLING Workshop on Semantic
Joshua Goodman*
Computational Linguistics Volume 27, Number 4 Ge, Niyu, John Hale, and Eugene Charniak.
3.1 Coverage and Completion
In the sections that follow, we will describe the BBN BYBLOS system briefly. Then we enumerate several modifications to the BBN BYBLOS system. Following this we will describe four different experiments that we performed and the results obtained.
Food and
Annual Meeting of the ACL.
Fields in database 133 231 666
N: which hole the bottom one on the side?
Sitcom 97 Series 24 Series-Old 3
M. Kearns and L. G. Valiant. 1989. Cryptographic limitations on learning boolean formulae and finite automata. In Proceedings of the 21st Annual ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing, pages 433-444, New York.
(The capitalization of first letters of sentences, proper names, or nouns, is a kind of punctuation,) Identical graphic forms may also be assigned more than one code because they are distinct units in information processing. Thus the letter form "C" is used in the Russian alphabet to represent the sound /s/, but it is not the same information unit as English "C", so it has a distinct code. So far this seems relatively obvious.
NE Tagging
Accuracy (%)
The result of a sample query "Clinton" to our search engine is shown starting in Figure 4.
'John-gives-a('certain')-book-to-everybody' The order of Q-NPs in the Spanish sentence has to be switched somehow. 8 NEG is introduced syncategorematically, although it could have been a basic expression as well.
KB Accessor
puter Understanding of Newspaper Stories New Haven, CT Department of Computer Science,
The implementation of the left-corner parser based on selective memorization and goal weakening seems to be substantially more efficient than the chart-based implementation of Carroll. The head-corner parser running in left-corner mode is almost as fast as this specialized left-corner parser. This suggests that the use of selective memorization with goal weakening is on the right track.
This simplification does not affect the computation of the distributions we are interested in; that is, the marginals of the synset nodes.
R. Bod, 1995. Enriching Linguistics with Statistics: Performance Models of Natural Language, ILLC Dissertation Series 1995-14, University of Amsterdam.
djohns@warson.ibm.com
Translation seems a strenuous test.
Trawick, D.J. 1983 Robust Sentence Analysis and Habitability.
Some of the things restricted by some of the major provisions of the state's Fair Campaign Code which restrict something are activities having to do with election campaigning.
with unification-oriented
K. Humphreys, M. Calcagno, and D. Weise. 2001. Reusing a Statistical Language Model for Generation. In Proceedings of the EWNLG.
C@
Figure 3: Flow of window adjustment
The link in an occurrence r of a construction of type N f is appositive, if the expression f has not occurred in the text before r.
1The effects of polysemy were compounded by not having any reliable method for determining valence. We consider that simply partitioning VPC items into intransitive and transitive usages would reduce polysemy significantly.
? The feature Rhetorical relation specifies the names of rhetorical relations that may be signaled by the cue phrase under consideration. Its value is given by the names listed in the instances of the database field Rhetorical relation that were consistent with the discourse usage being considered.
categorised. As (Hansen-Schirra and Neumann, 2003) point out, for many research questions neither type of alignment is sufficient, since the most interesting phenomena can be found on a level between these two extremes.
Moran, Douglas B. 1988. Quantifier scoping in the SRI core language engine. In Proceedings of the 26th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL'88), pages 33-40.
Table 6 shows the percentage of each evaluation item. We have 120 open data, not 100, for LASA-1, because the data is expanded due to the semantic ambiguity. The term "incomplete" in the table denotes the cases where the tree retrieval stopped mid-way because of an "unknown word" in the classification. Such cases, however, could sometimes hit the correct translation since the algorithm output the most frequent translation under the stopped node as the default answer.
The application of techniques from the domain of Automated Reasoning to the problem of natural language correctness offers solutions to at least some of the deficiencies of traditional approaches to computer assisted language learning. By supplying a specialized inference mechanism with knowledge about what is correct within fragments of natural language utterances, a flexible training device can be designed. It prompts the student with e.g. randomly generated sentence frames, where slots have to be filled in.
PHRASAL PARSER
A. Gruenstein. 2002. Conversational interfaces: A domain-independent architecture for task-oriented dialogues. Master's thesis, Stanford
"Interpretation as abduction." In 26th
The integration of discourse purpose and coherence relations in one theory of discourse representation would contribute to the solution of these problems. One interesting starting point would be the correlation between classes of coherence relations and different discourse types / purposes. For instance, the difference between semantic and pragmatic relations correlates with expository and argumentative discourse, of which the purposes can be formulated as to inform and to persuade respectively (Brewer, 1980). Van de Vijfeyke (1992) shows that expository discourse is characterized by a relatively high number and a more dominant position of semantic vs. pragmatic relations, whereas pragmatic relations occur more and in more dominant places in advertisements.
To implement this approach we partitioned the set of grammatical categories into context-independent and context-dependent subsets, with the context-dependent categories being those that implicitly contain gaps.
2. What is MTS?
\[McKeown 85\] McKeown, K.R. Text Generation: Using Discourse Strategies and Focus Constraints to Generate Natural Language Text. Studies in Natural Language Processing. Cambridge University Press,
2.3 Other Features
Restructuring 52.1 34.7 33.6 15.2 + dictionary disambiguated + hierarchical lexicon 52.9 33.9 31.8 13.70 Baseline 23.3 53.6 60.4 29.8
All and only the possible morphemes of the language
5 Conclusion
Aho, Alfred V. and Jeffrey D. Ullman.
Generation
Processes, 6(1):1-28.
MT system)
Approach to Syntax. New York: Elsevier, 1969, , Hajičová Eva and Benešová
The generation algorithm also requires us to define a similarity metric between POS feature vectors.
Hiroshi Nomiyama
1992. An Evaluation System for Parsing and
In bracket matching model, these cases can be generalized as a matching restriction region (MRR), which is informally represented as the region <RL, RR> in Figure 3.
PP\[für\] NPD V\[danken\] 'thank NP for' Verb with dative object and PP
4. Memory: what everybody knows (thinks, believes); what Joe Bear knows; what Joe Bear thinks Irving Bird knows; etc.
Rickel, J., & Johnson, W.L. (1999). Animated Agents for Procedural Training in Virtual Reality: Perception, Cognition, and Motor Control. Applied Artificial Intelligence, 13, 343-382.
ONE 0.944
Therefore head-modifier/argument examples only resolve most of semantic role assignments.
J. Huang, B. Kingsbury, L. Mangu, M. Padmanabhan, G. Saon, and G. Zweig. 2000. Recent improvements in speech recognition performance on large vocabulary conversational speech (voicemail and switchboard). In Sixth International Conference on Spoken Language Processing, Beijing, China.
4 Relation to Previous Work
An Analogical Parser for Restricted Domains
3 TSNLP Annotation Schema
We shall call sequence Xk,t s the sequence of lexical categories of word inflective paradigm of t-type hk. One of lexical categories, usually the first, is named X*t,k and called normalized.
3.3 Comparative experiments and results We compared the ability of each measure to gather class P words. We randomly sorted the 20,000 words mentioned above, and then compared the result with the results of sorting by other measures.
The necessary ordering that comes with motional references is allowed for by associating temporal elements with the functions.
c. Rerank each candidate compression set using SIG score first and then
FB: this introduces 7 bytes of obscure signification; there is almost always one of these following a null-terminated label.
University Press, Oxford, UK, pages 36-51.
13. Licklider, J.C.R., "A Duplex Theory of Pitch Perception,"
The parallel structure of the MUC competition, with many different systems attempting to extract the same data from the same material, creates an opportunity to achieve even greater performance by combining the results of two or more systems. A combined system could use the outputs of several different systems to produce performance levels potentially superior to those of any one component alone. BBN has produced an architecture for system output combination.
Machine Learning. 1:81-106.
6 Conclusion
CAT N
? Words carrying the same feature if they are similar as strings. Candidates are all kinds of proper names, as well as distinguishing parts-of-speech.
AN APPROACH TO TRANSLATING
The implications of this for NLP is that any language processing system should be able to work equally well with world-knowledge representations that may vary significantly in format, structure, and contents. If lexical items are strictly tied to elements in a particular knowledge base, this is not possible.
One alternative is to show the two trees above each other (as in figure 1). And there are many ways to visualize the alignment: Either by drawing lines between the nodes (as we did), or by color marking the nodes, or by opening another window where only chosen parallel nodes are shown. The latter case corresponds to a zoom function, but this also entails that the user has to click on a node to view the alignment.
N))\]> <ETRAD CDLANG="FR-EN"> <TRADN NUM="01">N_deverbatif --> N_deverbatif_lex <TRADN NUM="02">dev-OBJ\[SN\] --> dev-OBJ\[SP\] This format, though a bit complex for an human eye, has the advantage to clearly separate annotations from the original textual data. Moreover, this format allows an easy exploitation of the contained data provided the evaluator uses SGML tools with which selection and extraction of subset of data become really easy (each tagged data is a potential selection criteria).
We directed most of our energies to linguistic development, as shown in Table 2 below, and except for the discourse component, the linguistic aspects of the task have essentially been completed. Because we had less time remaining to devote to engineering issues, much of the information that PAKTUS produced has not yet been used in template-filling. In using the linguistic output to fill templates, we began with the two aspects of the template-filling task we considered the most important: identification of relevant incidents (template id) and identification of incident type. Our recall and precision scores for those slots reflect the amount of time we spent on them (see Table 1). We believe that, given more time to convert linguistic output to template fills, we will be able to achieve comparable scores for the other slots as well.
He let the letter to everybody read
© 1993 Association for Computational Linguistics Computational Linguistics Volume 19, Number 2 the POS tagging phase is automatically parsed and simplified to yield a skeletal syntactic representation, which is then corrected by human annotators. After presenting the set of syntactic tags that we use, we illustrate and discuss the bracketing process. In particular, we will outline various factors that affect the speed with which annotators are able to correct bracketed structures, a task that -- not surprisingly -- is considerably more difficult than correcting POS-tagged text. Finally, Section 5 describes the composition and size of the current Treebank corpus, briefly reviews some of the research projects that have relied on it to date, and indicates the directions that the project is likely to take in the future.
Because any of the utterances in a segment may contribute information relevant to a complete determination of the DSP, the recognition process is not complete until the end of the segment. However, the OCP must be able to recognize at least a generalization of the DSP so that he can make the proper moves with respect to the attentional structure. That is, some combination of explicit indicators and intentional and propositional content must allow the OCP to ascertain where the DSP will fit in the intentional structure at the beginning of a segment, even if the specific intention that is the DSP cannot be determined until the end of the segment.
Evaluation (LREC2004).
(20) a. Describe the x4.
(4.6d) A wants to inform S that John wants him to leave.
Character type and word length are related to word candidate generation in section 2.2.3.
Relation Candidate Searching
To return to the discussion of (r)FLMψ and(r)ALMψ, an obvious fact about their behavior is that regressor based systems rFLMψ and rALMψ, whether V-by-M enabled or not, surpass in performance their less sophisticated counterparts (see Table 8: HF accuracy of MEMTs with perturbed SV regressor in the V-by-M scheme.
Chung Yong Lim. 2001. A machine learning approach to coreference resolution of noun phrases. Computational
In Proceedings of the 4th IEEE International Conference on Multimodal Interfaces, pages 93-98, Pittsburgh, PA.
Engelson and Dagan (1996) present a scheme for selecting corpus sentences whose judging is likely to provide useful new information, rather than those that merely repeat old patterns. The TreeBanker offers a related facility whereby judgments on one sentence may be propagated to others having the same sequence of parts of speech. This can be combined with the use of representative corpora in the CLE (Rayner, Bouillon and Carter, 1995) to allow only one representative of a particular pattern, out of perhaps dozens in the corpus as a whole, to be inspected. This already significantly reduces the number of sentences needing to be judged, and hence the time required, and we expect further reductions as Engelson's and Dagan's ideas are applied at a finer level.
HA (Adverb)
However the expansion of a recursive type itself is a little bit harder. In TDL, we are using a lazy expansion technique which only makes those constraints explicit which are really new. To put it in anoth-
1.3. The Computational Lexicon
Prefixes, Suffixes I 0.5
This dictionary gave us the possible lexical tags for each word from the corpus. In no case, was the test used to estimate the lexical probabilities.
Availability of surface structure
Most of these parsing strategies presented above are language specific, and I do not see them as alternatives to my pivot parser but as additions to it.
Noun Preposition Article
Joe
Let us say that a discourse is headed if each of its segments is headed, and non-headed, otherwise. Our assumption is that a discourse is either headed or non-headed, and not both (e.g. figure 1, figure 2). 5 Formally, this will be expressed through the value for the head attribute.
Terms may consist of either one or more words.
This indicates that the structural features were quite efficient in performing these tasks. In general we can say that the use of structural features can improve the performance of NLP tasks that require the details of the contents to perform the task.
In contrast, a quasi-determinizer produces a device that simulates M in an amount of time independent of the size of M itself.
This says that any instance of a go- can use the subject position to indicate the agent of the go- event. These facts can be inherited in the typical way via the isa hierarchy, so this fact would more generally be expressed as (case ?a.action- subject agent). Using case and the previously introduced --OR connective, we can express the rule of case relations. Formally, it says that for all syntactic positional relations and all meanings of the head, there must exist a case relation which is the significance of that syntactic position: (syn-pos ?rel ?head ?val) ∧ (inst ?head ?frame) => (--*OR (case ?head ?rel ?slot) (== (?slot ?head) ?val)))
PHRAN (PHRasal ANalyzer) is a natural language understanding system based on this view of language use.
Bates E, McNew S, MacWhinney B, Devescovi A, Smith S (1982) Functional constraints on sentence processing: A cross linguistic study,
Our experiments also indicated that relatively limited domain-specific information (primarily a characterization of the structure of information in a domain, rather than specific facts about the domain) can be adequate for certain natural language applications, such as those described. Problems arose more often because the selectional constraints were too "tight" than because constraints deducible from specific facts of the domain were not available. As a result, we are now beginning to experiment with the automatic selective relaxation of these restrictions in order to improve parsing performance.
Jing, Hongyan and Kathleen R. McKeown.
Eric Brill and Jun Wu. 1998. Classifier Combination for Improved Lexical Disambiguation. In Proceedings of
The results presented in the previous section show that it is possible to improve over the simple pattern matching algorithm of (Johnson, 2002), using dependency rather than phrase structure information, more skeletal patterns, as was suggested by Johnson, and a set of features associated with instances of patterns.
DERIV AFF -> INFL AFF POSSIBLE
School of Computer Science, Language
Schank, R. (1973). "Identification of Conceptualizations Underlying Natural Language", in Computer Models of Thought and Language, R. Schank and K. Colby (eds), W. H. Freeman and Company, San Francisco, California.
The above-presented interpretation process assumes that all inferred propositions are equally likely to be included in a user's argument. However, this is not necessarily the case. We posit that a user is more likely to imply (inside an inferential leap) propositions previously seen by him/her than propositions s/he has never encountered. In this case, the length of the part of the message which conveys SysInt should not only depend on the size of the interpretation (in terms of number of nodes and links), but also on the probability that the user will employ in his/her argument the nodes in that interpretation.
CN: Glycogen Storage Disease Type I
Two related issues are system stability and obsolescence, or forgetting. Stability concerns the ease with which well-established knowledge can be modified. If the behavior of the program is too dynamic, then it might easily get thrown off by one esoteric, or incorrect use of a phrase. It is not desirable that an adult native speaker would get his lexicon ruined by listening to a second language speaker. Forgetting involves inaccessibility of unused phrases, or getting rid of incorrect hypotheses. Are incorrect hypotheses simply destroyed, or is there a more realistic model of obsolescence? These two issues involve quantitative reasoning which require implementation of strength of links and activation. These kind of problems demonstrate the limitations of a strictly qualitative approach, such as ours, which rely on manipulation of logical propositions, and it raises the need for quantitative approaches such as connectionism \[Waltz85, McClelland86\], and spreading activation \[Anderson84, Charniak83\].
After merging at step 2, the message list left in an action group either has only one message, or it has more than one message with at least two distinct attributes between them. Instead of generating two separate sentences for (E2 (S1 S2) D1) and (E1 S3 D2), the system realizes that both the subject and verb are the same, thus it uses deletion on identity to generate "This refinement activated DLC for CSAs 3122 and 3130 in 1994 Q1 and \[this refinement activated\] ALL-DLC for CSA 3134 in 1994 Q3." For identical attributes across two messages (as shown in the bracketed phrase), a "deletion" feature is inserted into the semantic FD, so that SURGE will suppress the output.
Boons, J., Guillet, A. and Leclère, Ch. 1976b. La structure des phrases simples en françals. Classes de constructions transitives, Rapport de recherches No 6, Paris: University
"I am knowing the answer, 2. For verb predications denoting processes, the progressive of the verb form entails the perfect form, i.e., x is V-ing --> x has V-ed.
Segment 5
TI-UC ? TI-FN.
Denise drank the bottle.
Hit T
The concept of markedness originated in phonology and is most systematically presented in the work of Trubetzkoy (1939). On this level, one can observe a clear and convincing correlation between the markedness property and the statistical facts of language use. The unmarked phonemes, e.g. short vowels, occur with considerably higher frequencies than the marked ones, e.g. long vowels, in all languages where this opposition has been investigated. Greenberg (1966:67-69) gives data from Icelandic, Sanskrit, Czech, Hungarian, Finnish, Karok and Chirichua to demonstrate this point. Similar statistical relations can be found with reference to other unmarked vs. marked oppositions, such as voiceless vs. voiced obstruents, non-palatalized vs. palatalized consonants, non-nasal vs. nasal vowels, etc. (For some statistical data in Czech, German, and Russian, cf. Kucera and Monroe 1968.) This correlation between structure and language statistics is important since it supports the basic notion that the markedness relation, in reflecting an informational economy in language coding, has the expected statistical effects.
For example, from the expression we can derive that T is a "transformation" and that A and B are "sets". From the expression we can derive that 'B' is a "set" and that 'a' is an 'Subset of A'
Global Info 1..1
Full text 0.6 0.65 0.7 0.75 0.8 0.85 0.96 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14
O'Donnell, and Chris Mellish. 2001. Beyond elaboration: The interaction of relations and focus in coherent text. In T. Sanders,
Apparently tourism does not occur as a category in the DDC. On a closer inspection it came out that the categories which are most clearly related to tourism are 910.202: World travel guides and 910.4: Accounts of travel.
Knowledge Citation
Toshikazu Fukushima, Yutaka Ohyama nd Hitoshi Miyai
Marcus M. P., Santorini B. and Marcinkiewicz M. A.
Ours 0.8363 0.7673 0.1997
Päidagogischer Verlag Schwann.
ALL 297/750 272/750
The focus in D14 is the seminar of D14-1. The math department chairman is not directly related to the seminar.
DOP4 51% 68% 93.2%
Ph.D. thesis, Universiteit van Amsterdam.
Exact Match 19(70%) 489(75.9%)
utilization and Definition of rules
5. An Abstract Machine for
SYN: 3
Extensions to the PTQ fragment have had to deal with this issue of tense and how it interacts with the other components of a sentence. We agree with Dowty's basic premise that tense is really a property of the sentence (actually, clause) as a whole. This is particularly important when, as in our fragment, there are different kinds of sentences: declarative, wh-questions, yes-no-questions, and when-questions. For under a straightforward extension of the FI'Q treatment he number of rules would proliferate, since separate rules would be needed for each kind and tense of the sentence formed by conjoining a term and a VP. However, under Dowty's treatment, he tense rules applied after $4 in most cases must undo the syntactic work that it has done, viz. the inflection of the verb as third-person singular present tense. (Semantically, the treatment is the same, i.e., the untensed version denotes exactly what the present-tensed version does.) This syntactic undoing is both inelegant and computationally unattractive. For this reason, we have incorporated into QE-III the additional categories of tensed sentences of each variety, and have modified $4 so that it creates an untensed sentence from a term and an IV. The strings of ultimate interest in the fragment, then, are the tensed sentences (categories T-t, T-WHQ, T-YNQ, and WHENQ). The following example from QE-III illustrates this for a simple declarative sentence.
There is more than one predicate in (lb) and thus the predicates have to be in an ordination relation in order to satisfy the Multipredicate Constraint. This relation cannot be subordination, since no subordinating ORS is present; assuming coordination to be the only other possibility, and given that there is a coordinating conjunction between the two predicates, we conclude that the predicates are in fact coordinate. In order to satisfy all of the constraints Attack must therefore remove John and Fred from PCL-L leaving hits as the sole member of that list. It must also remove guys and him from PCL-R leaving attack as the only word in that list. The configuration of these lists thus indicates that the only possible coordinates in (lb) are hits and attack.
R. Krovetz. 1993. Viewing Morphology as an Inference Process,. In Proceedings of the Sixteenth Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, pages 191-203.
old-fashioned housemaid in tile following advice to visitors to grand homes: (13) Quite a few of you have asked about tipping, and these days problems can arise. A nice old-fashioned housemaid, labelled by cap and apron, is easy enough; when you leave you will give her your little present as a thank you for looking after you. It is the 'lady who obliges' that can confound you; on that point, tile simplest way is to quietly consult your hostess.
3) Use syntactic and semantic constraints to eliminate antecedent candidates.
Concept Grammar Rule Deficiency
Suppose that $, O, and V are nonterminals which are further expanded by appropriate rewrite rules. Right hand side of such expansions can also show word order variations as shown in (2.9).
Computational Linguistics Volume 23, Number 2 semr structural floating % Relation 1 marked as structural by the content planner % Stockton scored 45 points name performance \[cat player \] actor \[1\] name Stockton relation 1 surname John perf \[2\] value 45 unit points % Relation 2 marked as floating by the content planner % This performance improves Stockton's maximum relation 2 args past_perf \[3\] \[\] % Past performance that the new performance \[2\] improves: % Maximum of the set of all scoring + performances scored by Stockton cat maximum cat set ref _set generic_elf actor \[1\] cat statistic perf unit points
The real number E is added to the total score whenever a phrase satisfying Body fills any slot, or is used as a conjunct in a coordinate structure, or is taken as a top-level analysis.
When generating a text from a fact base in VINST the text becomes very tedious to read since the text is very redundant and does not feel correct conceptually. To make the text smoother to read a new architecture is suggested where a new aggregation rule from (Dalianis & Hovy 1993) is suggested to be used, namely predicate grouping rule.
University of Western Ontario
The transition is matched to bind variables in the head.
3. Recursively using substitution - i.e., when R1 and R2 are identical, except that R1 contains a referring expression subR1 exactly where R2 contains a referring expression subR2, and subR1 and subR2 belong to the same individuating set.
The task was to classify a given paraphrase pair into either left, right, or comparable. Model M?s output class for (si; sj) was given by
XSL Transformations (XSLT) 1.0
Two main theorems establish the correctness of derivable items w.r.t, derivable configurations.
MIT Press.
CLAIRE, CLAIRE 80.9
SU sets the register of the - higher level processing
Contextual information and the mapping from WordNet synsets to Cilin sense tags deal with word sense disambiguation. The average performance is 63.36% when small categories are used, and 1, 2 and 3 candidates are proposed for low, middle and high ambiguous words. The performance of tagging unknown words is 34.35%, which is much better than that of baseline mode.
experiments, one of these words is always a verb, since this yields the most important GRs. The other word is the head of the phrase which is annotated with this grammatical relation in the treebank. A preposition is the head of a PP, a noun of an NP and so on. Defining relations to hold between heads means that the algorithm can, for example, find a subject relation between a noun and a verb without necessarily having to make decisions about the precise boundaries of the subject NP.
from the meaning of the component phrases.
Microsoft Corp. classaction lawsuit struggle against Sony Intel Corp. a petition in federal court Apple Computer Computer an appeal were filed General Motors Power a motion charging General Electric
Computational Linguistics, 20(2):301?317.
Grandchamp, 1994).
Since only numbers can be represented in a continuous domain, the elements of the domain are defined by giving the endpoints of the domain (or closed interval) and the unit size of representation is used in computing the distance between fillers. When defined in this manner, the same scoring function that was used for an ordered domain with single fillers (namely Equation 1) can be used to compute the penalty for continuous domain sets as well.
Symposium on Biocomputing, 6, 483-96.
Cases, "ita -morat-ta"
Note that we allow the treatment of clauses with VP coordination (subject ellipsis) as complex coordinated clauses as done in Kameyalna (1998), thus handling subject ellipsis as a discourse pronoun; our algorithm does not; insist on this view however.
set Vi = ~-1 U A.
7. A problem that will not have escaped the reader's attention is that I have discussed parsing purely in terms of finding surface parse-trees (which happens to be the task which the UCREL group are engaged on). It is not obvious how to extend the annealing approach so as to yield deep parses. However, there is nothing about simulated annealing that makes it intrinsically inapplicable to the task of deep parsing. What needs to be done is to define a class of logically-possible deep parse-trees and a class of moves between them, and to find an evaluation function which takes any pairing of a deep structure with a surface word-sequence into a likelihood-value. This task is very different in kind from the work currently done by theoretical linguists and AI researchers interested in underlying or logical grammar, who tend to have little time for statistical thinking, but that is not to say that the task is necessarily senseless or impossible. Deep parsing, if possible at all, will presumably need to exploit semantic/"inferencing" considerations as well as information about grammar in the narrow sense, but nothing says that these matters might not be built into the evaluation function.
The problem with these heuristics i that when they are formulated loosely, as in the previous paragraph, they appear to conflict. In particular, in (2a), Right Association seems to call for the parse which makes for Mary a modifier of song.
? Parsing may already take place in concurrency to sentence production. Therefore the speaking time becomes available as computing time.
While the details of the curves vary depending on the particular triggers, this behavior appears to be universal. For triggers that appear too few times in the data for this behavior to exhibit itself, the curves emerge when the counts are pooled with those from a collection of other rare words. An example of this law of large numbers is shown in Figure 4.
In our experiment, he obtained rules were applied to 1.7% of the sentences in a non-training corpus. For this group of sentences, 78.4% of the changes made in tagging results were an improvement. We also saw a 15.5 % improvement in tagging and parsing speed and an 8.0 % increase of parsable sentences.
ORG 79.71 39.89 53.17
Secondary Score 0.399 0.465
Universität Stuttgart
Figure 2.
Studies of the planning unit in sentence production \[Ford and Holmes, 1978\] give additional support o the psychological plausibility of our model. They report that deep clause instead of surface clause is the unit of sentence planning. This is consistent to our model which employs CSCs, which account for deep propositional units and the realization of deep clauses as the basic units of sentence planning. They also report that people are planning the next clause while speaking the current clause. This is exactly what our model is performing, and is consistent with our observations from transcripts of simultaneous interpretation.
7 Acknowledgments
Intelligence, Washington D.C., 1982
Our transliteration algorithm maps an English word to its most likely Katakana possibilities.
Ph.D. Dissertation.
Keywords: Deixis, referent identification, NP analysis, parsing 1. Introduction Various aspects of referent identification by hearers have been investigated in the last few years: It has been studied as a process of noun phrase resolution and attribute comparison (Lipkis 1982), as a planned action (Cohen 1981, 84), as a process which depends on focus (Grosz 1981), context (Reichman 1981), the mutual beliefs shared between speaker and hearer (Clark & Marshall 1.981) and the modality of linguistic communication (telephone vs. teletype, cf. Cohen 1984), and as a process which is prone to various sorts of conversational failure (Goodman 1985). In all of these studies, natural language is the only conversational medium. For identifying objects under discussion, the hearer can therefore only utilize the NL descriptions provided by the speaker, and information about the previous dialog and the task domain at hand.
Experiment 1: (Performance on the Wall Street Journal corpus). We used the two sets of data, from the XTAG parses and from the conversion of the Penn Treebank parses to evaluate the performance of the trigram model. Table 5 shows the performance on the two sets of data. The first data set, data collected from the XTAG parses, was split into 8,000 words of training and 3,000 words of test material. The data collected from converting the Penn Treebank was used in two experiments differing in the size of the training corpus -- 200,000 words 8 and 1,000,000 words 9 -- and tested on 47,000 words 1?.
Books, New York, 1987.
371 2.3 Functional Content of LF Sequences Semantics, lexis, and syntax of LF sequences do not provide sufficient criteria for the choice of one sequence over all other comparable ones. These criteria must be provided by tile functional content we associate with each sequence (or reiteration and collocation relation, respectively). The functional content of tile reiteration and collocation relations listed in Table 1 is presented in Table 2. 5 strict repetition insisting restatement synonymy clarifying restatement superordination generalizing restatement, clarifying restatement, class-referencing metaphor, illustrative restatement, repetition pictoresque restatement, intensifying restatement negated antonymy contrastive restatement conversion clarifying restatement, constituent enhancement, pespective shifting process-actor identification, actor-introduction cause-process processual extension causal enhancement, causer introduction initialization-process processual extension, beginning extension attribution attributive refinement manifestation predicative refinement manifestation enhancement Table 2: Functional content of some reiteration and collocation relations 3 TOWARDS LEXICALLY BIASED
We extract the syntatic relations and make 5 windows (modifier, target word, modifiee, josa, predicate) as a context. We conduct a comparative experiment using the Uchimoto's method, 5 windows (two words before/after the target word) and then we show that our method brings to a better result (Table 4).
John R. Gillett, John D. Lafferty, Harry
Autosegmental rules can also be expressed in this framework. Consider again the case of assimilation. The following diagram is the autosegmental rule corresponding to the SPE rule in (21). Here, αplace is a hybrid autosegment (see Section 4.1) ranging over places of articulation.
Peter Ford Dominey
2 System overview
Suppose there are v, w ∈ V(P) such that v ⊓ w↑. There is a least element, so v and w have more than one maximal lower bound, l1, l2 and others. But then {l1, l2} is upper-bounded and l1 ⊔ l2↑, so the algorithm should not have terminated. Suppose instead that v ⊔ w↑. Again, the algorithm should not have terminated. So V(P) with T added is a complete lattice.
Assume that m is the order of the matrices A and B, n is the natural number associated with m as in Definition 3, and ? = n + 1. Let C = A x B and C / = G(Rp).
Verlag, pp. 496-510
As is clear from the presentation of the algorithm, this part contains a rather time-consuming sorting procedure plus a floating point multiplication. It is obvious that this is an unacceptable time delay for real-time applications.
>> DECIDE: DOES *IRVINGBIRD* AGREE? *NO
SPECIAL USAGE NOTES: 1. This slot has a 0 or more valence to allow the situation where an unnamed entity participates in an event (or relation) of interest and is perhaps referenced only by a descriptive phrase.
The Relationship Between Tree Adjoining Grammars And Head Grammars, K. Vijay-Shanker, David J. Weir and Aravind
Table 2:
A: havde alvorlig, øh... spæbørnsgulsot da han blev født (had serious, uh ... infant icterus when he was born)
Dekker, New York, 1998 (published in
The final model selected can be based on a predefined cutoff value. In the case of measures such as AIC and BIC, a cutoff on the value of the measure itself can be defined. In the case of statistics such as G2, the appropriate cutoff is a predetermined threshold defining statistical significance. Alternatively, all the models generated during search can be considered, and the one with the highest accuracy on a held-out portion of the training data can be selected as the final model (Kayaalp, Pedersen, and Bruce 1997; Wiebe, Bruce, and Duan 1997). 3 The freely available software package CoCo performs forward and backward search using all of the measures described above (Badsberg 1995). 4 Pedersen, Bruce, and Wiebe (1997) present he results of experiments covarying these measures and the direction of search. In addition to these methods, Buntine (1996) describes other search strategies and measures, such as minimum description length, that can be used for model selection.
\[8\] Ackermann, Ammon, Ebert, Krause, Krug, Marschke, Sauerer, Zimmermann (ed.), Cobis. Computergestütztes Büro-Informationssystem als Pilotanwendung von CONDOR, BMFT-report (Karlsruhe, 1982).
A practical part-of-speech tagger. In In Proc. of the Third Conference on Applied Natural Language Processing.
Other Forms of Ellipsis: Other forms of ellipsis, besides VP-ellipsis can be handled substitutionally. For example, NP-ellipsis (e.g. Who slept? John.) is straightforwardly accommodated. PP-ellipsis (e.g. Who left on Tuesday? And on Wednesday?) requires substitutions for form constructions in QLF (not described here) representing prepositional phrases.
G.J Path, A. Resnick, and T. R. Savage. 1961. The formation of abstracts by the selection of sentences.
3 Experiments and Results
American ESL and Japanese EFL." World
Cognitive Science Society Conference,
NOUN MODIFIERS
RYJIK K. (1980)
Possess(mother)  PER
69118 Heidelberg, Germany
Let us now follow one such recursive call: the one on the sub-FM inside a bold sub-frame in Fig. 6 to the right of the exception column in the third row group. The result of the first four aggregation steps of this recursive call is given in Fig. 7. This time it is the product dimension that has been left-shifted and that provided the basis for row sorting, row grouping and cell merging. Further recursive calls are now triggered. These calls are different from the preceding ones, however, in that at this point all the input constraints provided by the discourse planner have already been satisfied. It is thus now up to the sentence planner to choose along which dimension to perform the next factorization step. In the current implementation, the column with the lowest number of distinct values is always chosen. In our example, this translates as factoring along the time dimension for some row groups and along the space dimension for the others. The result of the recursive aggregation call on the sub-FM inside the bold frame of Fig. 7 is given in Fig. 8. In this case, factoring occurred along the time dimension. The fully aggregated FM resulting from all the recursive calls is given in Fig. 9. Note how the left to right embedding of its cells reflects exactly the left to right embedding of the phrases in the natural language summary of Fig. 4 generated from it.
Finally, we show two graphs which illustrate the convergence of the simulated annealing technique to the minimum energy (E) level. The second graph is a close-up of the final cycles of the complete process shown in the first graph.
lack of the adequate DW) in the dictionary because of assuming the human usage of the dictionary.
AN IMPLEMENTATION NOTE
3. Utterances that identify relevant constraints, e.g., (a) We must get the oranges there by 3 PM.
The subj_char is Newt
Proceedings of NAACL'00, pages 63-69.
A.4.2. Hub 2: 5K Baseline. Because run times for full 20K systems were in some cases regarded as prohibitive, a second baseline Hub test, requiring only a 5K lexicon, was permitted.
Features assigned to each element are e. g. "beginning of sentence" - unconditional sentence boundary assigned to some PES commands, or "capitalized" - this one is assigned to the word starting with exactly one uppercase letter. Among other features we use there are "common word", "uppercase only", "number" and some other classifying PES commands.
Harmon, D. 1999. "A Framework for Evaluation in TIDES." Presentation at TIDES Planning Workshop, with link at http://www.dyncorp-is.com/darpa/meetings/fides99jul/agenda.html, July 28-30, Leesburg, VA.
Russ Greiner, the anonymous reviewers, and especially Diane Horton for helpful comments on earlier drafts of this paper.
Use of this type of test is not limited to the field of Computational Linguistics. Wherever text heavy or even picture based topics are taught use of this type of test is possible.
\[Fillmore, Kay & O'Conner 84\] Charles Fillmore, Paul Kay & M.C. O'Conner, Regularity and idiomaticity in grammar: the case of let alone, University of California, Cognitive Science Working Paper, 1984.
This WANT is a prediction that one reason Mary may have kissed John is so that he would know she felt, a positive motion Y toward him.
Truth annotation
Dictionaries How to Tell a Pine Cone from an Ice
Table 3 presents the results (F1-score) we obtained with the different search strategies for the thesaurus-based model: the Viterbi search, the complete one considering the first 100 and first 200 concept classes for each source word, and the subtree search with different values of n), and two different values for p, 5 and 10. The average rank is given next to each F1-score. As one can see, the combination significantly improves the results over the models alone, since the F1 score goes from 62% to 84%, a score that may be good enough to consider manual revisions.
teruko@cs.cmu.edu
Below we link a suffix-tree to more than one suffix-tree. In the notation of a-links we then use a subscript indicating the suffix tree of the target node, in order to distinguish among different linkings. We now schematically specify the learning algorithm; additional computational details will be provided later in the discussion of the complexity.
I argue that this kind of reasoning underlies the propositional ct account. First, I show that Searle's conditions on referring are a special case of the conditions for requesting referent identification. Then, I show that if one extends the definition of IDENTIFY-REFERENT to cover Searle's more general concept of identification, the IAA is applicable in the same circumstances as Searle's analysis. Because the IAA is independently motivated and covers more cases, it should be preferred.
Different feature sets can be evaluated by assessing how they influence the various control parameters of the HLsyn engine and the quality of the synthesised speech.
12. G. Salton and C. Buckley. Term Weighting Approaches in Automatic Text Retrieval. Information Processing 0
BIBLIOGRAPHY [1] Cardie, C. and Lehnert, W. (1991) "A Cognitively Plausible Approach to Understanding Complex Syntax" in Proceedings of the Ninth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Anaheim, CA. pp. 117-124.[2] Lehnert, W. (1991) "Symbolic/Subsymbolic Sentence Analysis: Exploiting the Best of Two Worlds" in Advances in Connectionist and Neural Computation Theory. Vol 1. (eds: J. Pollack and J. Barnden). pp. 135-164. Ablex Publishing. Norwood, NJ. pp. 135-164.
University Press.
The remainder of the sentence is straightforward.
Descriptions produced by the algorithm fullfill the criterion of co-extensivity. According to this principle, a description is semantically correct if it has the target as its referent (i.e., its extension).
Input Layer 89 units
Figure 1 depicts a comparative (Moore and Paris, 1993; Paris et al, 1991; Hovy, 1988) conceptual view of the system while Fig. 2 shows the system architecture. A prototype has been fully implemented with the exception of the statechart axiomatization module, x 2 A Logical Semantics for
Table 2 shows the results of experiments for finding phrasal correspondences. The row with ALL in the type column shows the total accuracy of phrasal correspondences found by the proposed procedure.
2 Morphological Analysis
of COLING'90, pp.449-451 (August 1990).
? A lexicon session, chaired by Ralph Grishman (NYU).
4 Summary and Future Work
J2, STRAND: 113 0.81 0.61
For our second sample, we examined the first 52 instances of now taken from another four randomly chosen sides of tapes. 9 This sample included tokens from fifteen speakers, with exactly half produced by the host and half by others. 10 This time, six people (including the authors) determined whether instances were cue or non-cue before we analyzed the intonational features. We next examined phrasing and accent used with these tokens to test the hypotheses derived from our first sample.
Reading, MA.
Steedman introduces information structure as an integral part of the CCG formalism (Steedman, 2000). He argues that there is a specific set of pitch accents in English that can accompany theme, and another set that accompany rheme, the most common theme pitch accent being L+H* and the most common rheme pitch accent being H*.2 The main pitch accent of the intonational phrase combined with a boundary tone gives us a complete intonational phrase.
At the start of this experiment in November 1994, we had no idea whether it was possible. While researchers were reporting good accuracy (upwards of 95%) for speech systems in simple question-answering tasks, our domain was considerably different with a much more spontaneous form of interaction.
INTRODUCTION lately, a proliferation of computational lexicon environments (CLE) has been noticed, which significantly influence the work on natural language (mainly, machine translation) (Byrd et al 1987), (Nircnburg and Raskin 1987), (Ritchie et al 1987) etc. With more and more computing power incorporated, the modern CLEs are capable to process not only individual inflected words or derivatives but also idioms and collocations. Nonetheless, there are many applications in language industry which consider a CLE an unfordable luxury. We believe that such an objection may be refused if the CLE is so designed that it should function in a data driven manner.
2.2 Building CSP graphs for good readers Having reconfigured the results of our corpus analysis, we searched for the best way to model the choices they represent. We tried exploring both discriminant analysis statistics and machine learning of decision trees in attempts to identify which feature(s) would most clearly divide the data into groups. For most discourse relations, the positions of discourse cue phrases were the most discriminating features.
In dealing with linguistic grammars, on the other hand, we clearly wish to exclude any expression from signhood that is neither a phrase nor a word; these choices are meant o be exhaustive in a grammar. The fact that signs can be either words or phrases is explicit; what we need is a way to say that nothing else can be a sign.
A.1 Stopping Conditions of the Iterative Algorithm Let fi be the increase in the similarity value in iteration i: fi(X,Yy) = sim_i-1(X, Y) - sim_i-1(X, Y) (9) where X, Y can be either words or sentences. For each item X, the algorithm stops updating its similarity values to other items (that is, updating its row in the similarity matrix) in the first iteration that satisfies maxyfi(X, Y) ≤ ϵ, where ϵ > 0 is a preset threshold.
By way of illustration, consider the following relational database, consisting of clinical history information about patients at a given hospital and of information about doctors working there: PATIENTS(PATID,SEX,AGE,DISEASE,PHYS,DIAMOTHER) DOCTORS(DOCID,NAME,SEX,SPECIALTY) where "PHYS" is the ID of the treating physician, and "DIAMOTHER" is a boolean field indicating whether or not the patient's mother is diabetic. Here are the rules for the one-place predicate PATIENTS, the one-place predicate SPECIALTIES, and the two-place predicate TREATING-PHYSICIAN: PATIENTS => (PROJECT PATIENTS OVER PATID) SPECIALTIES => (PROJECT DOCTORS OVER SPECIALTY) TREATING-PHYSICIAN => (PROJECT (JOIN PATIENTS
All of the six sub-databases can be linked to the general database through four key fields, namely ENTRY, POS, HOMOMORPHISM and SENSE. As a result, the son knots can inherit all information from their father knots (Figure 1).
Model ?1 ?2 CER CER reduction
2) After an input-KFC is matched, the matched twin-KFC is activated as "the first deuter" in a triggered deuter sequence.
We have therefore added a principle which says that constructions that are analysed as collocations (indicated by tile type COLLOCATION) are either head-adjunct structure or head-complement structures with specific restrictions holding between the head anti the adjunct or a Notice that here we use a simple version of HPSG based on (Pollard and Sag, 1987) whereas the actual implementation was based on (Pollard and Sag, to appear).
(Fritz pulls the brake.) anziehen C0/CI/(C3) Die Mütter zieht dem,
Does Mr. Brown have a book? @*We must stop to complain.
all aspect expressions, including both simple primary aspect forms and complex aspect forms, are systematically organized. We are implementing the system using the KPML multilingual generator (Bateman, 1997), interpreting the intrinsic semantics of each aspect form in terms of existing temporal logic theories. In this paper we focus on the generation of complex aspect.
bolette@cst.ku.dk
Generalized Quantifiers and Natural Language.
[14] D. Wu. 1997. Statistical inversion transduction grammars an bilingual parsing of parallel corpora. Computational
Copeck, Terry and Stan Szpakowicz. 2003. Picking phrases, picking sentences. In DUC Workshop at HLT/NAACL-2003 Workshop on
Jan Hajič, Eva Hajičová, Petr Pajas, Jarmila Panevová, Petr Sgall, and Barbora Vidová-Hladká. 2001a.
Martin Platek
Namely, the morpho-phonemic/graphemic rules can be formalized in a general and very elegant way. It also has computational advantages, but the lexicons must contain entries with diacritics and other sophistications in order to produce the needed surface forms. Non-linguist users need an easy-to-extend dictionary rote which words can be inserted (almost) automatically. The lexical basis of Humor contain surface characters only and no transformations are applied.
Fox Eng 13:13 9:14 194 171 s
Normally, compositionality in such structures simply refers to the application of the functional element, the verb, to its arguments. Yet, such examples indicate that in order to capture the systematicity of such ambiguity, something else is at play, where a richer notion of composition is operative. What then accounts for the polysemy of the verbs in the examples above? The basic idea I will pursue is the following. Rather than treating the expressions that behave as arguments to a function as simple, passive objects, imagine that they are as active in the semantics as the verb itself. The product of function application would be sensitive to both the function and its active argument. Something like this is suggested in Keenan and Faltz (1985), as the Meaning-Form Correlation Principle. I will refer to such behavior as cocompositionality (see below). What I have in mind can best be illustrated by returning to the examples in 28.
presented for COLING--86
Q-hypotheses 67 60 16 71 52
2 http://crl.nmsu.edu/shiraz 3 http://crl.nmsu.edu/expedition we developed a, morphological grammar for Persian using a unification-based formalism (Zajac, 1998). A sample rule is shown in Figure 6 (cf.
Paola Merlo Modularity and Information Content Classes
2.1 Forme et Fonction
Workshop, pp. 187-192.
4. Construct a list, Arg-List, of the phrases which fill the SUBCAT list slots of
Basic 96.6 92.3 94.4 76.3 91.9 83.1
Sentence no./ LINK =/R previous mention K/D the price R 1/apartment the 33-year-old housewife = 1/Y.J. Park the past 15 years K the inequities in the current land-ownership system - - D In case of doubt just leave the line in blank and comment at the back of the page using the key number to identify the DD you are commenting on.
As a result, it was shown that about 70% (952) of all utterances should be improved to use polite expressions. This result shows that a current translation system is not enough to make a conversation smoothly. Not surprisingly, if all expressions were polite, some Japanese speakers would feel insulted. Therefore, Japanese speakers do not have to use polite expression in all utterances.
4 Due to the smaller grammar and lexicon of Clark et al, our parser can only be evaluated on slightly over 94% of the sentences in section 23, whereas the figures for Clark et al (2002) are on 97%.
Thesis, The University of Western Ontario.
Adv 88.3% 8.51% 3.19% 100% 382 78 36 496
Figure 4: left, a derived tree, middle, its derivation, right, an elementary tree participating in the derivation.
Linguistic Data Consortium
A. Peters and J, Kock (1997), The digital phone operator, User appreciation and evaluation of the VIOS speech recognition system, Technical Report 97-05, Alparon, Delft University of Technology.
3.7 Presuppositions and Implicatures
Hiroshi Kinukawa
Tree Maximum Rooc
Benjamin Han. 2003. Text temporal analysis. Research status summary. Draft of January 2003.
VSM and come comparably to global
4-3-11 Takeda, Kofu 400 Japan
In genuine nodes can be removed from the graph U without affecting the language accepted by G = <U, S, P>.
